Hi, please consider my application seriously.
First of all, I would like to make some instructions about myself for this job.

1. I am a responsible person, also self-manage and self-motivate. Maybe I don not satisfy some abilities of your required from the beginning, but I have the ability to rapidly learn complex systems and skills at my own time. 

2. I think we can begin a cooperation from a qualifying period(maybe couple of weeks or months) without paid, during this time I can familiar with your applications/skills,  developing functions. Then you can make a comprehensive assessment of my suitability for your work. After that, we can have a long term coorperation if you are satisfied with my performance.

3. I can work 30 hours a week or more. If I did not finish the task on time, I will do it at my own time as soon as possible.


I have a master's degree and major in computer science. Now I am a Mid-level Software Engineer and currenly my main area is linux system administrator and web developer. 

My Experience:
5+ years as a linux system administrator;
    deploy and maintain high-availability & high-performance application;
    Identify and resolve problems with servers;
    setup & config & monitor devces and web applications;
    Develop custom codes as necessary;  
    familiar with some setup tools like chef;

2+ years on python
    I've started my programming path in 2008, starting from c and c++ programming. 
    During this period, I also developed mobile apps with objective-c. That mean I 
    have a strong grasp of computer science fundamentals (data structures,
    algorithms,databases, etc.). About 2 years ago, I've turned my face on Python, which
    now became my prefered programming language. I have been training my python
    skills in "codewars" to keep it sharpen. 

familiar with nodejs/javascript/vue/css/html/github;

I am passion on coding and very happy to solve programming problems. I am not only have some coding experience, but I have rich linux server deploying experience. That mean I can
setup & config & monitor applications on linux server/AWS and troubleshooting problems with
servers. 

I think I can bring a lot of help to the team.
